docs: timezone setting (#854)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/v0.7/en/user-guide/clients/http-api.md

InfluxDB uses its own authentication format, see [InfluxDB](./influxdb-line.md) for details.
:::

## Time zone

> GreptimeDB supports the `X-Greptime-Timezone` field in the header of the HTTP protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GreptimeDB supports the `X-Greptime-Timezone` header in HTTP requests.
```

IIRC HTTP Xxx header is a formal description. cc @nicecui  - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Type "a Content-Type header"

It is used to specify the timezone for the current SQL query.

> For example, the following request uses the time zone `+1:00` for the query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following request uses the timezone `+1:00` for the query:
```

If we use `timezone` consistently, let's keep it.
